add optional support for historical status resolution (#178)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

a status list to a CDN or other distribution mechanism while giving guidance to consumers of the status list on how often they need to fetch
a fresh copy of the status list even if that status list is not expired.

## Historical resolution
By design, the Status List mechanism only conveys information about the state of a Referenced Token at the time the Status List Token was issued. The validity period for this information, as defined by the issuer, is explicitly stated by the `iat` (issued at) and `exp` (expiration time) claims for JWT, and their corresponding ones for the CWT representation.

> If support for historical status information needs to be supported, this can be achieved by extending the Status List Request as originally defined in [](#status-list-request) to support requesting specific timestamps. There are strong privacy concerns that have to be carefully taken into considerations when providing a mechanism that allows historic requests for status information - see [](#privacy-relying-party) for more details. Support for this functionality is purely optional and Implementers are RECOMMENDED to not support historic requests unless there are strong reasons to do so and after carefully considering the privacy implications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If support for historical status information is needed, this can be achieved by extending the request for the Status List as defined in [](#status-list-request) with a timestamp. There are strong privacy concerns that have to be carefully taken into considerations when providing a mechanism that allows historic requests for status information - see [](#privacy-relying-party) for more details. Support for this functionality is optional and Implementers are RECOMMENDED to not support historic requests unless there are strong reasons to do so and after carefully considering the privacy implications.
```

If any of these checks fails, no statement about the status of the Referenced Token can be made and the Referenced Token SHOULD be rejected.

## Historical resolution {#historical-resolution}

> By design, the Status List mechanism only conveys information about the state of Reference Tokens at the time the Status List Token was issued. The validity period for this information, as defined by the issuer, is explicitly stated by the `iat` (issued at) and `exp` (expiration time) claims for JWT, and their corresponding ones for the CWT representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Status List mechanism only conveys information about the state of Reference Tokens at the time the Status List Token was issued. The validity period for this information, as defined by the issuer, is explicitly stated by the `iat` (issued at) and `exp` (expiration time) claims for JWT, and their corresponding ones for the CWT representation.
```

a status list to a CDN or other distribution mechanism while giving guidance to consumers of the status list on how often they need to fetch
a fresh copy of the status list even if that status list is not expired.

> ## Historical resolution {#historical-resolution}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Historical resolution {#historical-resolution}

```

> By design, the Status List mechanism only conveys information about the state of a Referenced Token at the time the Status List Token was issued. The validity period for this information, as defined by the issuer, is explicitly stated by the `iat` (issued at) and `exp` (expiration time) claims for JWT, and their corresponding ones for the CWT representation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By design, the Status List mechanism only conveys information about the state of Reference Tokens at the time the Status List Token was issued. The validity period for this information, as defined by the issuer, is explicitly stated by the `iat` (issued at) and `exp` (expiration time) claims for JWT, and their corresponding ones for the CWT representation.
```
